Fitness App Proposal
====================

There are many differences in the fitness level of individuals, this in addition to differences in body composition make it more difficult for a fitness trainer to build a personalized workout for   the gym members without knowing more about them. This app will facilitate this process by presenting the trainers with training data about their members while also providing a digital environment for the gym members to record their own workouts and to access personalized information about each exercise in that workout.

The user will be able to record their own workouts by selecting exercises from a list of the available exercises for that specific gym, and putting them in a workout group, that can be added to the user's profile. New gym members that do not have the required knowledge to create their own workouts or simply want to try a new one will able to select one from a premade list of workouts created by the fitness trainers in that gym. The premade workouts are only comprised of exercises that can be performed with the gym equipment that is available.

Each available exercise is provided with notes from a personal trainer(PT) that highlight the most important technical aspects to be kept in mind while performing that exercise, to keep the members from forgetting them until the correct form becomes second nature. These aspects are dependent on the person, so in addition to general aspects, more personalized notes can be added to each specific exercise on the user's profile by the user as well as personal trainer. General annotations could for example be mistakes that they often come across or some general advice like keeping progressive overload in mind.

After creating a workout it becomes available in the list of active workouts and can the be selected at the start of training. Clicking on the exercise inside this list will open the corresponding page that will contain multiple tabs with by default being the record tab.
In this tab the user can input their amount of reps, sets, weight and the the build in rest timer.
The second tab will contain records from previous workouts. Finally the last tab will contain a description of the exercise and all the available notes from which the user can add a notes as well that will only be seen by that user.

The data that is recorded can be accessed by a PT to use in the building of new workouts when such is requested by a member. The PT can assemble exercises in a group in the same fashion as a gym member is able to and then add this workout, in addition to personalized notes per exercise, to a members profile. When adding notes the PT will have the option to select whether this annotation gets added to just the specific member or as general advice to that exercise that can be seen by everyone else as well. The trainer type of account will also be able to add and delete any exercises from the list from which the workouts are made.
